docs: update list of deprecated/removed functions (#11825)
open-mpi/ompi: docs/building-apps/abi-compatibility.rst

.. _label-binary-compatibility:

ABI compatibility to previous versions of Open MPI
==================================================

> Open MPI v5.0 intends to maintain Application Binary Interface (ABI)
> compatibility to the last major Open MPI release. Technically, an
> application compiled with Open MPI 4.1 can be executed with Open MPI
> 5.0 without having to recompile the application.

Reviewer: The ABI guarantees go all the way back to v4.0.0 -- not just v4.1.x.  I.e., the "last major release" is 4, not 4.1.

```suggestion
The Open MPI |ompi_series| series maintains Application Binary Interface (ABI)
compatibility for the C MPI bindings to the last major Open MPI release. Specifically, an
application compiled with Open MPI v4.x can be executed with Open MPI
|ompi_series| without having to recompile the application.

.. important:: ABI is maintained for *most* of the Fortran MPI bindings, too -- see below for additional information.
```

There are however a few scenarios where an application compiled with

> Open MPI 4.1 might not execute correctly with Open MPI 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open MPI v4.x might not execute correctly with Open MPI 5.0.
```
